
I want to create and launch a complete SaaS web platform for Property Management (for landlords and property managers).
Follow this checklist step-by-step and generate the required files until deployment:

Setup Project

Create a Next.js + Node.js project with TypeScript.

Add package.json with scripts (dev, build, start, prisma, seed).

Configure Tailwind CSS for styling.

Database (Prisma + Supabase/Postgres)

Generate prisma/schema.prisma with tables:

Company, User, Property, Unit, Tenant, Tenancy, MaintenanceRequest, Invoice, CalendarEvent, Upload, AssistantLog.

Include relations between them (Company → Users, Properties, Units, etc.).

Create migration and a prisma/seed.ts script that inserts a demo company + an Owner account with default credentials.

Core Pages (Next.js)

/ → Dashboard layout with sidebar and collapsible toggle.

/properties → List + add new property.

/units → Upload CSV/Excel → auto-populate tenants and units.

/tenants → Auto-update from uploaded sheets.

/maintenance → Tracker for requests.

/calendar → Show auto-generated payment reminders/events.

AI Assistant

Place an assistant widget (icon bottom-right).

/api/assistant → backend route that answers user questions, without bypassing roles/permissions.

Store interactions in AssistantLog.

Deployment

Add .github/workflows/deploy.yml → build, migrate DB, seed, deploy to Vercel.

Add .env.example with required secrets: DATABASE_URL, OPENAI_API_KEY, VERCEL_TOKEN, DEV_OWNER_PASSWORD.

Output

Provide all files in a structured way (preferably as a downloadable ZIP).

Confirm how to run locally:

npm install
npx prisma generate
npx prisma migrate dev --name init
node prisma/seed.js
npm run dev


Confirm how to deploy: push repo to GitHub, connect Vercel, add secrets, auto-deploy.



Rental property management software is an all-in-one platform that helps landlords, property managers, and real estate investors manage their rentals online.

Instead of juggling spreadsheets or multiple tools, a property management system centralizes everything in one place, from tenant screening, lease management, rent collection, and property accounting to maintenance tracking, reporting, and A property management software is a system that helps landlords and property owners save time, reduce errors, improve tenant satisfaction, and scale their portfolios more efficiently.

removes the need and cost for all your other programs For Example :

IT Replace QuickBooks with full property accounting and reporting
Use our tools instead of Word for rental applications and leases
Use eSignatures over printing, scanning, and faxing
Eliminate endless phone calls with a tenant portal
Automate background checks instead of manually screening tenants
Collect rent online, reducing admin work
Track maintenance requests and vendors 
Set automated reminders 

The platform Features are:

CRM 
Accounting
Bookkeeping
Owners Accounting
QuickBooks
Reports
Leasing
Maintenance
Listings
Rent Collection
Applications & eSign
Tenant Screening
Tenants
Product
Communication
Integrations
Security
Support
OPERATIONS
File Storage
 